Docs for starting a new experiment with a pretrained network (#1782)
rlworkgroup/garage: docs/user/use_pretrained_network_to_start_new_experiment.md

# Use a pre-trained network to start a new experiment

In this section you will learn how to load a pre-trained network and use it in
new experiments. We'll cover two cases in particular:

- How to use a trained policy as an expert in Behavioral Cloning
- How to reuse a trained Q function in DQN

> Before attempting either of these, you'll need a saved experiment snapshot. [This page](save_load_resume_exp.md)

Reviewer: Maybe link to the actual garage doc (like [This page](https://garage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/save_load_resume_exp.html) )makes more sense

that it was trained with garage, details on extracting a policy from a saved experiment
can be found [here](reuse_garage_policy.md). Next, we setup a new experiment and
pass the policy as the `source` argument of the `BC` constructor:

```python
# Load the policy
from garage.experiment import Snapshotter
snapshotter = Snapshotter()
snapshot = snapshotter.load('path/to/snapshot/dir')

expert = snapshot['algo'].policy
env = snapshot['env']  # We assume env is the same

# Setup new experiment
from garage import wrap_experiment
from garage.experiment import LocalRunner
from garage.torch.algos import BC
from garage.torch.policies import GaussianMLPPolicy

@wrap_experiment
def bc_with_pretrained_expert(ctxt=None):
    runner = LocalRunner(ctxt)
    policy = GaussianMLPPolicy(env.spec, [8, 8])
    batch_size = 1000
    algo = BC(env.spec,
              policy,
              batch_size=batch_size,
              source=expert,
              max_path_length=200,
              policy_lr=1e-2,
              loss='log_prob')
    runner.setup(algo, env)
    runner.train(100, batch_size=batch_size)

bc_with_pretrained_expert()
```

> Please refer to [this page](algo_bc.md) for more information on garage's implementation

Reviewer: Same for this. Better to link to actual garage doc page instead of the md file on github.

# Use a pre-trained network to start a new experiment

In this section you will learn how to load a pre-trained network and use it in

> new experiments. We'll cover two cases in particular:

Reviewer 2: Can you add a general explanation here, and then use the two cases below as examples?

Author: Done. Is what I added sufficient?

# Use a pre-trained network to start a new experiment

In this section you will learn how to load a pre-trained network and use it in
new experiments. In general, this process involves loading a snapshot, extracting
the component that you wish to reuse, and including that component in the new
experiment.

> We'll cover two cases in particular:

Reviewer 2: Please make clear that these are examples

- How to use a trained policy as an expert in Behavioral Cloning
- How to reuse a trained Q function in DQN

Before attempting either of these, you'll need a saved experiment snapshot. [This page](https://garage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/save_load_resume_exp.html)
will show you how to get one.

> ## Using a pre-trained policy as a BC expert
> 
> There are two steps involved. First, we must load the pre-trained policy. Assuming
> that it was trained with garage, details on extracting a policy from a saved experiment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example: Use a pre-trained policy as a BC expert

There are two steps involved. First, we must load the pre-trained policy. Assuming
that it was trained with garage, details on extracting a policy from a saved experiment
```

# Load the policy
from garage.experiment import Snapshotter
snapshotter = Snapshotter()
snapshot = snapshotter.load('path/to/snapshot/dir')

expert = snapshot['algo'].policy
env = snapshot['env']  # We assume env is the same

# Setup new experiment
from garage import wrap_experiment
from garage.experiment import LocalRunner
from garage.torch.algos import BC
from garage.torch.policies import GaussianMLPPolicy

@wrap_experiment
def bc_with_pretrained_expert(ctxt=None):
    runner = LocalRunner(ctxt)
    policy = GaussianMLPPolicy(env.spec, [8, 8])
    batch_size = 1000
    algo = BC(env.spec,
              policy,
              batch_size=batch_size,
              source=expert,
              max_path_length=200,
              policy_lr=1e-2,
              loss='log_prob')
    runner.setup(algo, env)
    runner.train(100, batch_size=batch_size)

bc_with_pretrained_expert()
```

Please refer to [this page](https://garage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user/algo_bc.html)
for more information on garage's implementation of Behavioral Cloning. If your expert
policy wasn't trained with garage, you can wrap it in garage's `Policy` API
(`garage.torch.policies.Policy`) before passing it to `BC`.

> ## Using a pre-trained Q function in a new DQN experiment

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example: Use a pre-trained Q function in a new DQN experiment
```

Garage's DQN module accepts a Q function in its constructor: `DQN(env_space=env.spec, policy=policy, qf=qf, ...)`
To use a pre-trained Q function, we simply load one and pass it in, rather than
creating a new one. Since there is a relatively large number of constructs that
go into creating a DQN, we suggest you use the [Pong example code](https://github.com/rlworkgroup/garage/blob/master/examples/tf/dqn_pong.py)
as a starting point. Make the following modifications to reuse a Q function:

> ```python

Reviewer 2: please show complete example code, or at least a complete snippet.

on-the-fly diffs in comments are hard to read and you need to be really familiar with the original source file to understand them
